Hey,
what's going on is build burn.
It's time for the Thursday afternoon.
Just before Friday.
Monday morning podcast and yeah.
Ah,
just checking in.
Object checking.
Just fucking man.
I don't know what's going on,
dude.
There's something going.
Wow.
I heard about a dude.
You'd hear that about that guy in swamp Scott already fucking dude.
The fucking guy died.
He had two fucking sniffles.
You went up to duty,
went upstairs to bed and it came up in the fucking guy was dead.
There's always those stories around Europe.
Uh,
Ron Europe,
about a brown winter this time of year,
right?
Europe.
I'm thinking about my euro dates.
I might as well tell you,
listen to this shit.
The following cities in Europe from my European tour and have sold out Munich
often buck ragga,
Arica,
Vienna,
Liverpool,
London,
Copenhagen in Helsinki,
a second show will be added at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
More shows in,
um,
other cities of second shows.
If we feel that we can sell them a,
they will be,
um,
they will be added.
All right.
There you go.
Okay.
And the Patrice O'neil comedy benefit.
February 19th,
2019 Jim Gaffigan,
uh,
fucking rich Vos,
myself and a bunch of other people.
I don't have the shit in front of me.
A big Jay Oakerson and little bill burn.
We're all going to be down there.
It's gonna be tremendous.
Um,
alright.
Plowing ahead here.
Um,
yeah,
I dunno everybody,
my fucking house is sick right now and I got to go to New York because I'm doing
a benefit on December 1st in the city.
I tweeted about it and I forget what the fuck is going to be at,
but um,
she'll be a good time,
music and comedy extravaganza to help people with,
I don't know what I have.
I never fucking know.
They just ask and I say,
all right,
I'll do it.
Then you make the bad mistake as a comedian,
as you don't find out what the benefits for before you go on stage,
and then you end up doing a fucking joke about it.
What does it say?
Is this a benefit but cancer?
Yes,
it is.
Oh,
sorry.
Sorry.
I should have looked in.
I should have looked in before I fucking,
you know,
before I started doing my shit.
I apologize.
Um,
so,
you know,
it's funny,
my,
uh,
one of one of my relatives ask me what's on your Christmas list.
I should have talked to him about this speaker.
I think I should have asked de Rosa was just here.
We were taping an uninformed,
I should've asked him what exactly it is that I need,
like where the problem is.
Cause right now I just hold it,
you know,
like a fucking suicide bomber if we've got to take your thumb off the thing and
then you blow up.
That's the way I got ahold of to be able to hear shit.
And uh,
I think it's going to affect my performance.
Um,
so anyways,
I was sleeping
so soundly.
All right.
I went to bed early,
I ate,
I had no booze,
none of that bullshit.
I fucking just went to sleep and I was sleeping so soundly and I am awoken to
this noise that sounds like literally like God's alarm clock.
It was just going,
Eh,
right.
So I'm like,
the fuck is that right?
Yay.
And I opened the window,
you know,
I go over and I'm going to open up the window.
Hm.
I'm like,
it's fucking outside.
So I go outside.
Yay.
Fucking,
I don't know what the power box,
the power box,
whatever the side of my house where it says,
you know,
high voltage and all of that shit.
I just walk up to it and it's just like,
man,
I don't know what the fuck happened.
And then right as I walked up to it,
it just stopped,
eh.
And I went inside and you know,
nothing has happened since.
So I'm going to go out on a limb and I'm going to say that somebody should take
a look at that thing.
It was raining on.
I don't know what happened.
I heard sirens down the street.
Somebody probably slammed into a fucking pole
or something.
I don't,
I don't know.
Because last night we know before I went to bed,
you know,
I was driving home from the comedy store and a,
I sound like fucking three fire trucks down the street.
And,
uh,
I made a left before I got to him and shit.
And I dunno,
you know,
it rains a little bit out here and people just fucking slamming the trees
because it never rains out here.
So all the oil and antifreeze and fucking just shit is just on the road and all
it takes is a little bit of water and it gets slick as hell.
And um,
plus people aren't used to driving in it,
I guess.
And they just fucking crash their cars.
So anyways,
yeah,
evidently I stared down this electricity and it got self conscious and it
stopped making the fucking noise and then I get in my house and then,
you know,
it's the first rain of the year,
so I got to go up on my roof and make sure there's no fucking problems.
And you know,
and one of the gutters was clogged up just because,
you know,
we've got trees out here and shit falls in there and when it rains it pours out
here just like the song.
So I'm fucking cleaning out the Goddamn gutters and uh,
I almost fucking fell off the roof.
Is it in that split second?
You know,
cause I didn't want to get wet so I was crouched down.
I wasn't leaning back,
I was just sort of crouch down and I was reaching forward.
It was just like,
what the fuck am I doing?
And I had to do that quick math like bill,
what would you rather do?
Would you rather get your wet and have to throw them in the hamper or would you
like to die or be paralyzed?
So I laid down on the roof,
you know,
and I fucking cleaned all this shit out.
Cause that's what I do.
That's the thankless fucking work you do as a dad and nobody appreciates it.
You know,
you make sure the water gets away from the foundation,
you know,
you do those types of things for,
I don't know the roof over the your fucking head.
No,
maybe I'm just spoiled.
You know,
cause I tell a joke and everybody laughs,
you know,
you guys give me an attaboy every fucking 10 to 12 seconds or whatever,
eight to 10 and from killing.
Um,
maybe that's what the fuck it is.
But now,
now I have to get some goddamn electrician come over and figuring out what the
fuck that thing is about.
My front door lock is fucked up.
It's just like,
it's just never ending.
You know?
I don't know who the fuck the American dream was.
You wanted to own a house,
but I swear to God,
it's just,
it's never fucking ending plus,
but there's another way to do it.
There's other people,
they just live in a house and when something breaks,
they just deal with it.
You know,
those kinds of people,
they buy a car and they don't get it fixed ever.
They don't get the fucking,
you know,
remember back in the day they'd have those sports cars with the lights flipped
down and flipped up and one would just be up and they would just drive around
and be okay with it.
You know?
I always thought that that was like a,
like a,
a ridiculous like sign of a loser.
Like this guy's a fucking loser.
I know he's got a corvette,
but like he's,
he's,
he's living beyond his fucking means.
You know,
how,
unless it just happened.
How long are you going to ride around with that fucking thing?
Looking up like that,
the beautiful lines of that car and you're fucking it up with that.
And just,
I would watch people drive me nuts.
Your parents were always like that.
If something broke in the car,
they just fucking,
they never got it fixed.
I don't get that bill.
You really mad about this?
I don't think so.
It's just I was sleeping soundly and then,
yeah,
my daughter was still asleep at fucking woke her up and it's just like,
you know,
I don't know.
Can it,
can I just have one fucking day where I get,
I mean,
I feel like I get eight hours though.
Always.
I sleeping well.
I was sleeping so good.
Oh God.
It was so fucking great.
And then I just woke up.
I was like,
what the fuck is said?
What the fuck is why?
What is that?
Is that what the alarm in the house sounds like?
Is there a serial killer in the house?
Can you give me another five minutes to sleep and all that shit and we just
fucking laying there in bed.
You just don't give a shit.
Um,
I vaguely remember my Nia coming into waking me up last night as your wife does.
You know he's sleeping soundly.
Why when they wake up,
she goes,
was that the car?
Was that the house alarm?
Did you hear that?
And I went,
no.
And I did hear it.
It's just like,
I'm not fucking going downstairs for the 9000000th time with that softball bat
going down the fucking stairs just to find out that the,
that a fucking window in our old ass house,
you know,
blew open a little bit.
Um,
then I woke up feeling guilty like I should have done,
but I was just sleep.
I was sleeping so fucking,
well.
Anyways,
let's plow ahead here.
So freckles,
um,
I mentioned
I my,
uh,
on the Monday morning podcast I was going to be on the Joe Rogan experience.
Uh,
they ended up being a little confusion on the booking.
So instead it's going to be December 20th.
And,
uh,
which will be cool because I'm going to hang with Joe a couple times before that
and give us some time,
some shit to talk about.
Cause I hadn't seen him in a while just cause I've been doing the road and he's
been doing his stuff.
So,
uh,
that got rescheduled and uh,
um,
I also said I was doing dice Clay's podcast.
I wasn't,
it was somebody else's pocket.
I fucked the whole thing up.
But I did call in spit and chiclets on Barstool so I did,
I did do that.
Right.
And I also said thatF is for family was coming out today and it is,
and it's coming out tomorrow,
the 30th.
So I basically,
I fucked everything up.
Um,
I apologize.
So,
um,
anyways,
hang on a second.
What the fuck is that now?
Anyways,
next week I am going to be on a,
I'm going to be on Seth Meyers show on Tuesday of next week promotingF is for
family.
And then I will also be,
uh,
at the Gotham comedy club doing a show with Paul Versey and Sam j.
It's going to be awesome.
Christmas in New York would be Suc Elsa,
cause I'm with my family and shit,
but a bing bang,
boom real quick out and then right back and uh,
I'm back on the Diet.
I'm not boozing,
they've been dry for five days,
bored out of my mind,
but obviously sleeping well until my fucking side of my house starts buzzing.
But I've decided that I'm going to get in great shape again.
Like I did the end of August and then Labor Day came and I made a couple of
Burgers,
had a couple of beers and I just,
then I had six weeks on the road and I just,
I fucking put it,
almost all of it back on.
But now I've turned the ship around and all fractals,
his head back,
last time I was able to get for abs,
four out of Eight,
I got halfway there.
You know,
you don't really feel like you ever watched the,
uh,
American Ninja Warrior and is that fucking guy every year they,
last year he couldn't get past the fucking trap piece and then he gets past the
trap.
He's,
he's all excited.
And then he does a face plant on the next [inaudible].
It's fucking,
whatever you call it,
object,
obstacle,
whatever the fuck you call it.
That.
That's basically what I'm doing is far as trying to get in shape.
But at least this time,
cause I went to a nutritionist,
a nutritionist,
I know how to a,
I know how to eat.
So I just been doing that and it got to at once you lay off the booze,
it's fucking,
it's all good.
It's all good.
So I go home and my new show on me TV,
I watched the untouchables and was an episode of a,
I watched the other day,
had a young Carroll O'connor who played Archie bunker on it.
It's just the,
uh,
it really is the shit.
And um,
you know,
I got my Christmas tree.
I already fucking amazing already got my Christmas tree.
I was sitting there going,
you know what,
I want to get a good one this year.
I'm going to knock that out before I go to New York.
I'll just make sure,
you know,
my wife waters the fucking thing.
And,
uh,
so I go down there and it's just classic La.
Why I love La and why it can be annoying.
Sometimes I show up to buy a Christmas tree and this sunlight,
you know,
fucking hot chick,
right?
This Asian chick just dress ridiculously nice.
Like she was going to go walk a red carpet,
you know,
high heels make up the whole fucking thing.
Getting out of this shiny SUV.
I'm like,
what the F are you buying a Christmas tree like that?
Then of course I look over the left and there's a guy with the fucking camera
filming or there's some fucking reality show.
I mean like full makeup,
the whole,
you think reality shows look fucking stupid when you watch them at home.
If you see one that's really being shot,
it's just like,
what the fuck?
Who the fuck looks like that going to get a God damn Christmas tree?
MMM.
Yeah.
I'm standing there and I'm trying to find what I'm facetiming with my wife.
What about this?
Why Layla?
You have full enough,
you know,
go through all that bullshit.
Then all of a sudden this other guy shows up.
He's dressed like little Bo peep,
swear to God,
but with like a beard and everything that's got miniskirt tattoos on his legs
and holding a selfie stick,
filming himself with full fucking makeup on.
And I was just like,
all right,
you know this
a,
this is fucking la man.
Will this cough ever go away?
I think I might take some medicine.
My wife had me go out and get some Robitussin.
I've always been a Nyquil guy,
you know?
Well,
I gotta tell you I cannot taste the fucking difference between the two of them.
They get that read shit.
It's almost like you'd rather die in pneumonia than fucking drink that stuff.
And now when you go there to buy it,
they actually asked for your fucking idea d,
which is really annoying.
It's like,
look at me lady.
Do you think I'm fucking,
do you really think I'm 20 look at me hand the gang and thick Dag Dag again.
You know?
Yeah.
He imagined like that's like a how rock bottom you.
How much fucking we'll look that up.
I don't know how to spell Robitussin,
but I,
I'm a drink.
Look up Nyquil.
This shit that I ended up looking up on my fucking laptop because of this God
damn podcast.
I can't imagine what's watch ledge list.
I'm on here.
How much is that Nyquil?
The window?
Nyquil?
Yeah,
to get drunk.
Okay.
Right now they're all thinking this is a functioning alcoholic cause he's
drinking Nyquil to get shit faced.
Yet he's still somehow has access to a laptop and the Internet.
All right.
Drinking copious amounts of Nyquil pros,
a bottle comes with its own personal shot glass.
All right.
I already love this right here.
I already loved this.
Sorry.
What do we got here?
All right.
Flat cut tampons.
What the fuck?
What part of the Internet am I on?
Vapor.
Teeny vodka.
Eyeballing and snorting.
Do these people are fucking crazy.
People don't do any of this,
but let's,
let's listen to it for the comedy.
Taking shots of mouthwash wine.
Ice Cream.
All right,
I can do that.
Oh,
a copious amounts of NYQUIL.
All right,
pro.
Okay.
Nyquil,
this nighttime sniffling,
sneezing,
coughing.
How the fuck did I end up on the kitchen floor?
Medicine.
Okay.
This is on a spoon,
university.com by the way,
a bottle comes with its own personal shot glass.
This is the pros.
Take a few shots,
fight the sleepy feeling,
and then you're in for a hazy,
loopy drunk slash high combination.
It's kind of where that you gotta like fucking fight off,
going to sleep.
All right.
Cons,
you have to be 18 to buy it in most drug stores,
which is a big deterrent for the underage population of binge drinkers.
Not a reliable way to get drunk.
You might just send up passed out or worse sober.
Yeah.
People don't do any of this,
especially if you're fucking underage,
but I,
for the comedy,
I have to read this here.
All right.
Tired of the wretched taste of booze.
This is the Sally set this up like no booze tastes worse.
Busch light doesn't taste worse than Nyquil.
Simply drinking alcohol to get drunk these days is just so mainstream in the
mood to potentially,
they're probably just making fun of
they're making,
okay,
I get it.
They're being sarcastic here so it's not wretched.
Taste the booze.
Then making fun of how wretched all this other shit is.
Okay?
I'm in the mood to potentially take a trip to the er or meet hot doctors.
Check out these alternative methods of imbuing for hardcore alcoholics only.
Not for the faint of heart.
Disclaimer,
in case you didn't get it,
do not try any of these messages.
Methods seriously,
don't yet don't.
This is what lunatics do.
Vodka tampons.
All right?
A good friend shows you how to soak your Tampon in vodka for a quicker buzz.
These are like little advertisements like this is smart things to do,
which it isn't.
I have to keep putting that disclaimer out there before when you dopes does this
do not do this pros,
these suckers were designed for more than just that time of the month and
nosebleeds.
Soak one up with your choice.
Liquor.
Um,
who am I kidding?
If you're trying this method,
you're most definitely a vodka gal.
They supposed to hold a sh about a shot's worth.
Shove it up there to bypass your digestive track and get drunk way faster.
It doesn't sting.
Cons.
A yard golf,
you only got one.
You only get one vagina.
Flooding the sensitive area with 40 proof liquor is bound to leave a wake of
destruction.
Your baby coming out drunk would be the least of your problems.
Ladies,
stick to fake tampon flasks.
They sell it.
I don't know what the fuck.
Okay.
That was too many jokes here.
Or what's a vapor?
Teeny.
No calories,
no carbs,
no hangover.
Smooth taste and feel the effects of liquor much quicker.
Since the alcohol bypasses your stomach,
you could also bypass your liver so that those with liver damage from too much
drinking can once again partake.
This doesn't make sense.
Also,
you look like a boss smoking alcohol out of an orb with a metal straw.
Oh,
that's like that chemistry shit.
Vodka.
Eyeball snorting.
Eyeballing is snorty.
All right.
This is just dumb shit.
All right,
I'm done with it.
Okay,
I'm done.
Okay.
I can't believe anybody would ever fucking do that
for alcohol into your fucking eye.
That can't be right.
Can I just do the reeds here?
People just,
you know,
I was in such a holiday,
fucking mood.
A tipsy elves.
Uh,
everyone needs an ugly Christmas sweater this time of year at deck.
The halls with one of,
uh,
tipsy elves,
outrageous Christmas sweater designs.
They're one of a kind,
seriously high quality and crazy comfortable too.
These aren't the sweaters your GAM GAM used to make,
supposed to be Grand Graham.
They're insanely funny and unbelievably well made specific sizing for men and
women.
So everyone gets the perfect fit for men.
Stylish suits for the classiest of holiday.
Gentlemen,
interactive sweaters,
beer pong,
corn hole,
drinking game darts.
So uncle Bob can relieve,
relive his college glory days at a family dine at dinner,
sorry.
Um,
and even hilarious themes,
teas and awesome cozy onesies for women holiday dresses.
So you can get down with your bad self.
No,
Jesus,
I catching leggings so you can strike a festive yoga pose or lounge around with
a cup of spiked eggnog and tease that sleigh in cute,
comfy onesies.
Oh,
tease that sleigh and cute,
comfy onesies.
You won't find more hilarious,
awesome designs anywhere else.
So be sure to order from tipsy elves and time for your ugly Christmas sweater
party.
And Right now my listeners get 20% off tipsy elves.com t I p s y e l v e s.com.
When you use my code burr at checkout B,
you are our go to tipsy elves.com and enter my code bar at checkout to get your
20% site wide discount.
Oh,
and look who's,
nobody wants to feel like they're overpaying while shopping online,
but did you know that there's an easy way to always get the lowest price?
It's called [inaudible].
Honey is a free shopping tool that automatically saves you money by searching
the Internet for the best promo codes whenever you shop online.
That means you get the best deals without even trying on your favorite trying on
your favorite sites like Amazon,
Ebay,
Walmart,
best buy,
new egg,
Etsy,
Groupon,
and more.
Uh,
in fact,
honey,
oh honey has already saved listeners of this podcast and average of $46 and 8
cents.
Honey does it all for you.
It also applies the biggest discount,
right at checkout.
Honey has over 10 million members and over 100,005 star reviews.
There's no reason not to add.
Honey,
could
you.com/bird there's no reason to not add honey to your browser today.
Get honey today for free@joinhoney.com slash burr that's two words.
Join honey.com/burr honey,
the easiest way to save money while shopping online.
All right,
two more.
Everybody hang in there.
Hymns.
Do you want your hairline to recede or do you want to do something about at
first,
why did guys turn to weird solutions or do nothing?
I don't know cause you don't have the fight and yet anymore.
Um,
when they can turn to medicine and science for
hymns.com a one stop shop for hair loss.
Skincare,
sexual wellness for men.
Look at this thing.
Get your hair.
Go and get your dick standing up.
A salute and the tropes thanks to science baldness can be optional.
That's awesome.
He m's connects with real doctors and medical grade solutions to treat hair
loss,
well known generic equivalents to name brand prescriptions to help you keep your
hair.
No snake oil pills or gas station counters,
supplements,
prescription solutions backed by science.
No waiting room,
no awkward in person,
doctor visit.
Save hours by going to,
for hymns.com so easy answer.
A few quick questions.
Doctor will review and Kurt can prescribe you products are shipped directly to
your door.
Eventually.
I'm gonna I am gonna do this.
I'm going to get my hair back when I'm like 85 when he got like some just
ridiculously perfect,
you know,
method,
and then I'll die like a day later.
And so we'll have to brush my hair before they cremate me.
Uh,
my listeners to get a trial month of hymns for just $5 right now while supplies
last.
See website for full details.
This wonderful costs.
Uh,
this would cost hundreds if you went to the doctor or a pharmacy,
go to [inaudible] dot com slash bird that's f o r a h I m
s.com/burr for him,
for him [inaudible] dot com slash bar and lastly,
but not leastly jolly shave club.
Dude,
I don't know
why I read that.
Like that guy in monster mash.
Dollar Shave Club has everything you need to look,
feel and smell your best.
And never,
and you never have to go to the stores.
Uh,
that's because they deliver everything you need right to your door and they keep
you fully stocked on what you use.
So you don't run out.
Here's how it works.
Dollar Shave Club has everything you need to get ready.
No matter what you're,
you,
you're getting ready for,
they have you covered head to toe for your hair,
your skin,
your face.
You okay?
Uh,
they have it and they have
this new program.
The only reason why I know that references cause of Nia
and you name it.
Um,
and they have,
yeah,
this new program where they automatically keep you stocked up on the products
you use.
You determine what you want and when you want it.
And it shows up right at your door for once a month to once every six months
plus with their handsome discount.
The more you buy,
the more you save.
And Right now,
dollar shave club has a bunch of status sets.
Uh,
you can try for just $5,
like their oral care kit after that,
the restock box ships regular size products at regular price.
Uh,
get you status set,
but just $5 right now@dollarshaveclub.com slash burr B u.
R.
That's dollar shave club.com/bar.
Yeah,
she guys a question.
Have you,
you haven't have you guys anybody out there?
Is it,
um,
ever have a friend of yours that was just fucking Kojak Bald like me?
And then out of nowhere they came back with the full head of hair?
Yeah.
How fucking weird is that?
That's gotta be weird.
Yeah.
And I gotta tell you right now,
if you never,
if you,
if you don't have a friend that did it,
uh,
you're going to have one in me because I consider you guys friends.
I'm going to fucking do it,
man.
I'm going to get some astroturf glued to the top of my head.
Let me see this completely bald.
MMM.
Hair rests duration.
Oh God.
I'm gonna.
You want me to fucking ads?
I'm going to get
this sidebar.
I'll give a fuck what them,
the hair restoring that did it.
Entire hair plants,
surgeries here.
Transplant surgery.
Can a bald person receive a hair transplant?
This is Bosley,
obviously they're going to say yes.
They want your fucking money.
Oh,
why don't you just go to images?
Images?
Yeah.
Okay.
I was not completely bald.
This guy was really bald and now he's got the Conor Mcgregor.
These guys,
they just always look,
ah,
that guy looks good.
It always looks just a little weird.
Yeah.
What do you guys have?
Good heads.
I don't know why he just wouldn't fucking
shave the goddamn thing.
Fuck it.
Right?
Oh,
that's that tattoo that people get on the top of you head to keep your hair
buzzed down.
No,
they still don't have it down.
They still just don't have it.
Wow.
They a lot of famous people.
Oh my God.
What the fuck happened?
And that guy hair transplant gone wrong.
Jesus Christ look the same,
but two ago took a fucking hatchet to his head.
Nah,
that's bullshit.
That can't be real.
You know people.
Why do,
why do people feel the need to lie so much on the Internet?
If you ever wondered that,
that's something here.
Transplants gone wrong.
I have discussed hair transplant.
I'm not reading
fuck year.
Is this hair trans?
Yeah.
Plant law suits.
There we go.
Boom.
Images.
Oh Jesus.
Let's see what we got here.
Hatchet head.
They got old.
Hatchet had keeps coming up.
Yeah,
there's a lot of people let us celebrities were starting to go.
He saw Brian Urlacher did it.
Brian,
our lack of look great bald.
Oh Jesus.
Look at that
bad hair plugs.
Yeah,
dude,
this is the kind of tie some,
every time I think about doing this shit,
I look at these pictures and like I'm not fucking doing that.
Oh my God.
Look at these fucking Jack Lalanne and looking sons of bitches.
Well there is a good one.
That guy.
Yeah,
this guy got a good one.
I got it though.
I guess really listening to me googling this shit.
What the fuck am I doing?
Can we get back to the Goddamn show?
Um,
anyways.
you don't need as people.
I did fucking back to back episodes of uninformed with Joe to Rosa and I am
fucking for the one of the few times in my life,
I'm a little talked out.
I am.
I'm just a little fucking talked out and I'm fucking stab and,
and I want to go get something to eat,
but my wife is fucking pissed at me right now cause I flipped out about
something really important,
you know,
like,
uh,
I don't know what the fuck I fly.
I didn't know what the fuck.
I just want to see,
this is why I was right.
And then I flipped out and then I became wrong as always,
you know,
then I tried to walk away and then she wants to fucking,
let's just sit down and discuss it.
Like fucking a regular person.
I'm just like,
I'm not a regular person and I'm already heated.
So you,
you,
you gotta let me walk away.
You know,
she won't let me walk away.
it's got to get out of work.
What highlight.
Huh?
Tommy Lasorda,
New York Yankees.
Reggie Jackson,
leaning into that ball accidentally according to him.
Um,
anyways,
I,
uh,
oh Jesus.
I'm always in the fucking dog house.
Anyways,
I want to thank everybody for listening today.
Uh,
thank you to everybody who's been buying the Patrice O'Neal tickets.
Um,
they're going even faster than usual every year.
They go by fast for the benefit.
Thank you for that.
And thank you to every,
that's a joining my patrion page.
Uh,
we have all the backstage footage of,
um,
my arena shows at the forum,
the,
uh,
Boston Garden and Madison Square Garden w me walking off Madison Square Garden
is,
uh,
arguably the coolest moment of my life.
Not the most important.
I had a kid get married and shit,
but like the coolest moment in my fucking life cause the show could not have
gone better.
And I talked to the audio guy today and we got the audio.
There's no problem.
And,
uh,
I'm hoping to be releasing that on vinyl after my next special cause there'll be
too much overlap in the material,
but,
um,
uh,
I'm,
I'm very anxious to hear the audio because it's like,
dude,
I want people when they listen to it to feel like they're at the fucking show
and I'm not going to lie to you.
It was a good one.
So,
um,
that is it.
Um,
enjoy the music here and uh,
we'll have another half hour of bonus material from a Thursday afternoon just
before Friday,
Monday morning podcast with Thursday gone by years and years ago or I don't know
,
a couple of weeks ago.
I don't know how it works.
All right,
I'll see ya.
[inaudible]
how many guys have you come to you with?
The line wasn't true and you pay them
[inaudible] their lines.
[inaudible] let me try.
No.
[inaudible] [inaudible]
so anyways,
uh,
yeah,
we got to go again.
The
Christmas tree.
So for the last two years,
I have to admit something to you people.
All right.
I have been going down to get these fucking Christmas trees and I have been
getting the traditional Christmas tree and we all know what it looks like.
All right.
It looks like someone on the biggest loser about four weeks in.
That's what a Christmas tree supposed to pop that full,
you know?
But does his other Christmas trees that I noticed,
not the scrawny ones,
but they are minimalist Christmas trees where you can see the entire trunk and
it's like they still have the branches,
but there it's very like symmetrical.
It looks fucking cool as hell.
Clean look and Christmas tree,
right?
It looks like one of those trees and like the Dr Seuss books,
you know?
So I go,
you know what?
Fuck this.
I'm going to get something different.
I liked this tree.
It looks fucking cool.
I think the ornaments are going to hang off it much better as if you know,
when you get one of those full trees,
you know this?
Yeah.
It's just,
it's a fucking pain in the ass.
And then the end of the end of the Goddamn,
you know,
Christmas season,
if you're not a dick and you just don't throw it out the side of your car,
like a fucking some,
you know,
some piece of degenerate gambler that owed him money.
I said,
have it by Tuesday and then you just throw it out the fucking car,
right.
If you actually do it the right way and you just saw it up,
it's a pain in the ass and makes an unbelievable mess.
This thing,
you know,
it's like,
it's like you ever walk into like,
uh,
like when I'm out with,
with the,
with Nia and we go out to one of her,
uh,
her clothing stores and um,
if it's like a corporate place,
the place is just jam packed was shit.
But if it's like a privately owned,
they go out and they buy these individual pieces still by a couple of sizes of
each things that they like.
And you go in there,
he pray to God that they have your size and it's,
and you go in and it's very minimalist.
That's the sort of Christmas tree that I bought and uh,
you know,
knee as a fashion Easter.
So I thought she would like it.
So I bring this Christmas tree in and the second she looks at it,
cause I think she's going to be like,
you know,
like I literally just have like techno music on like I'm so far into the fucking
future here.
The second she looks at it all my confidence just drains out the bottom of my
shoes.
And I go,
yeah,
this is the Christmas tree.
And she goes,
oh yeah,
because where's the rest of it?
And I'm like,
no,
no.
That's the style.
That's the style it's supposed to look like that.
I go,
doesn't it cool?
I mean it looks like one of those trees and Dr Seuss.
She goes,
yeah.
I think it looks more like that.
That Christmas tree in that Charlie Brown cartoon
[inaudible] I feel like an asshole.
So because I love the verbal abuse that you guys give me every fucking week.
I'm actually going to be dumb enough to send a picture of my Christmas free.
Now granted it's naked.
It's not all dressed up.
It's not all dolled up.
All right.
It's like Charlie's Theron and that stupid movie monster that rather than
chastising her for being a murderous comment,
they actually made a movie that said maybe guys Outta to look at themselves and
treat bitches a little bit better before they go and start killing you after a
blow job.
It wasn't that the message in the move SMS a gy got so anyways,
it doesn't have any makeup on,
which I think should automatically give it a golden globe for being that
courageous.
It was so brave.
It was such a brave performance.
Um,
just take a look at the Christmas tree.
Tell me what you think.
I think it looks fucking bad ass.
I love it.
I fucking love it.
And uh,
I stand by it.
You know,
I'm breaking a little tradition here.
[inaudible] will
you my terms?
I'm sure we'll see you.
[inaudible]
hello.
Hey,
what's going on?
It's bill birds to Monday morning podcast for Monday,
November 29th,
2010.
How the hell are you?
Did you have a nice thanksgiving?
Did you,
did you hang out with all your family and all your friends?
Will you sitting at the table with someone that you know,
this time next year you're not going to be together,
you know,
and you're just trying to just sit there and plow through the fucking meal.
Go ahead.
God dammit.
Why didn't I break up with this bitch before I came home?
My fucking parents.
Why are you asking her questions?
She's not going to be here next year.
People,
this is all a rose.
Okay?
She was fond of bag.
We were having a good time and a,
I don't know what happened.
It got out of control and next thing you know,
she wanted to come to this thing and I didn't have the balls to say no.
Alright,
I fucked up.
Well,
I can tell you what,
I'm not going to get sucked into buying her a fucking Christmas gift.
Okay,
so you do the math.
You know when the fuck Christmas is.
We all know when it is.
It's on the fucking 25th.
It's the 29th or November and she's out this bitches out before Christmas cause
I'm not feeling it past the fucking porch.
Thank you.
Um,
Jesus Christ.
Nia,
I'm trying to do the podcast.
Can you not distract me?
Good Lord.
You know,
something you ever have a girlfriend or just does not appreciate your creative
space.
It's like you're sitting in here,
you're trying to give people something that they can enjoy for the week.
And what do you do?
Nia?
You just come walking in here like this,
this amazing thing that's happening isn't happening.
Okay?
Nothing.
I don't get anything from you.
You're just gonna.
You're just gonna collect your little belongings.
Okay?
And then walk out of my life for a couple hours.
Where are you going?
In and out.
Burger Nino.
All right.
She's gone.
No words of wisdom from her this week.
She's,
she's annoyed.
She's annoyed with me.
I've been traveling a lot lately.
Everybody,
it's because,
uh,
the tax man woe,
the tax bay,
the tax man's coming my way.
All right.
And as usual,
he's got his fucking handout with a scowl on his face.
So,
uh,
this is what always happens to me at the end of the year,
right before I take my month off.
You know the stare at my balls.
Yeah.
Ah,
that's what I do know.
My Christmas break could take a month off.
I just stare at my balls,
you know,
find my censure.
Um,
Jesus,
I'm gonna fucking Goofy,
Goddamn move.
You know,
somebody hit my fucking car.
Can you believe that shit?
Why?
Yes,
Bill.
We can believe it.
Thousands of accidents happen every day.
All right.
So basically I was sitting at a red light,
uh,
me and my,
lovely compadre we was sitting there shooting the Shit,
you know,
and all of a sudden we just got hit from behind.
And uh,
I see this woman,
she's doing the gestures like,
and I got old Xsi.
I thought,
yeah,
I am like Sal die.
She's making those faces,
right?
At least that's how I'm reading it.
Okay.
So then I go to pull over and then she starts pointing to different places where
I should be pulling over,
which is really fucking annoying me.
It's like,
listen,
bitch,
you hit my car.
How about I get to make a decision here?
You know,
like,
maybe we'll pull over here.
So we pull into this fucking Jiffy Lube.
She gets out.
Turns out she's a fucking sweetheart.
She's a sweetheart,
right?
She's not a bad person.
She's like,
you know,
my dog was jumping around and went to go pick her up and I fucking rammed into
you.
So,
uh,
I look at my back bumper and it's got a nice little crease in it.
You know what I mean?
Like right down the side of Keith Richards face.
That's what I got like on,
uh,
not,
not on the,
the uh,
the side that you would see if you were standing behind it,
if you will.
Creeping up right behind my car.
Like you were going to fuck it for some reason and you look down at it.
That part of the bumper,
the top part of the bumper,
that's what I'm trying to say.
I looked as crease a little bit,
whatever.
Do you know the fuck I'm going to get a new bumper,
you know?
Yeah.
Then what some other person's going to hit me.
It's La p.
It's a bumper.
Cars out here.
Impossible.
I've done that a couple of times.
I've gone out and I've got my bumper replaced and literally a fucking week
later,
some asshole bumps into me.
So I'm just like,
fuck it.
Uh,
but what have we exchanged information?
And I,
and I go to leave.
And today,
Lo and behold,
I go for the first time,
I guess in a week to open and close the hatch back and it's not closing,
right?
So evidently she hit it hard enough that it did a little more damaged.
So I took it over to the place to get an estimate.
And of course the guy's like,
yeah,
you go fucking with plays days,
you go fuck gonna place data.
You know,
the gas day killing it looks intact.
Butter,
it's probably a,
you know,
suffered sort of trauma.
So emotional trauma.
So he tells me it's going to be,
uh,
around two grand if not three grant
for this bullshit.
So I just had to call her back and just say,
listen,
I don't know if you got that kind of cash.
I ain't got that kind of fucking cash.
So why don't you report it to your fucking insurance company?
Because,
uh,
basically both thought it was going to be a new bumper,
which is like,
you know,
five,
600 bucks depending on whether or not the fucking mechanic wants to have a keg
party that weekend.
You know,
and I don't know how to fix the shit.
So all you guys are going to send emails do,
there's no fucking way.
I know.
There's no fucking way.
All right.
But I don't have time to find the fucking guy that's going to give me the,
I think actually whatever.
I have no fucking idea.
I have no idea what it's supposed to cost.
I drive a hybrid.
It's half a fucking spaceship.
God knows what the health behind those plastic bumpers.
But um,
so that's my day.
I just got off the beaten track.
What the fuck is today?
Today's the 29th of November.
This is the Monday morning podcast and I hope all you guys had a happy
thanksgiving.
I apologize the last week for the volume.
I don't know what happened.
I don't know if I hit it or what,
but uh,
I'm surprised I didn't get more than the 30 complaints I got for how quiet it
is.
So this week it's going to be nice and loud.
Okay.
So called white man.
Um,
so anyways,
let's get through the podcast here.
I would,
I do this weekend I have after thanksgiving.
Um,
you know that this podcast has,
this podcast has a lot of momentum,
but not a lot of funny.
I'm just fucking,
you know,
you ever switched your drunk when you go down a flight of stairs and you start
the fall and you just like,
well fuck it.
I'm going in this direction anyways,
so you don't even try to break your fall.
That's basically how I've been doing this podcast.
So I'm going to take a breath in,
let it out and I'm just going to fucking relax here.
I'm going to tell you about my weekend.
I had a phenomenal weekend.
Everybody just sit back,
take your fucking scrunchy out,
let your hair fall down around your shoulders.
Um,
no,
I went to a,
a,
I did the more theater,
the more,
the more theater up in,
uh,
Seattle,
Washington.
And I'm,
I'm gonna tell you a fucking underrated right now.
Seattle,
Washington.
That place is a places to shit.
And if you ever decided,
you know,
he didn't want to fucking go overseas,
I'll go to some stupid fucking place just because it had palm trees.
Uh,
Seattle is a,
is a,
it's just a fucking awesome city.
Although I got to tell you,
the weather is just as brutal as they say.
You know,
I have this new fancy phone.
I went out and got the droid incredible.
And um,
it always has the forecast.
If it's sunny out,
there's a sun.
If it's cloudy,
they just have a little,
they have a cloud.
The whole fucking weekend I was,
there was just this gray cloud on my phone and I gotta admit after three days it
was really starting to fuck with me.
Um,
and even when they actually,
when you would look at the forecast and they would try to predict the next
couple of days,
they didn't have the balls to just say it was sunny.
They'd always throw a couple of clouds in front of the sun just to hedge their
bets.
Um,
but anyways,
I did the,
uh,
the Moore theater up there with Paul Versey.
Uh,
my gambling associates slash comedian buddy.
Um,
and man,
I had a fucking great time.
If you have,
you listen every week,
you're already know this shit.
If you're just tuning in for the first time,
you haven't listened in a couple of weeks.
The Moore Theater is a legendary music venue up there in Seattle.
All those grunge bands played at Alison.
Change Soundgarden,
Nirvana,
pearl jam shot that video there for a even flow.
Remember that when Eddie vetter walked out and kind of fell off the balcony or
whatever the hell he did a,
as they would go,
Bam,
pick a tech,
a dick head,
Bam,
pick a ticket to Dan or whatever the fuck they were playing.
I never got into them until later on.
I never liked that first album
[inaudible] I never got into that shit.
But anyways,
so I went there and um,
I found out the theaters like over a hundred years old and it had three tiers to
it and the upper most tier back in the day during a segregation when they had
the white section in the black section all the way up top,
there was the black section and they hadn't really done any different,
uh,
anything different to the theater I guess.
So they still had the set,
there's still a separate staircase to go all the way the fuck up there.
And I got to tell you,
cause I'm a history buff in that type of shit.
I'm like,
I got to see this,
I got to check this shit out.
So the guy takes us up there,
man.
It was fucking ridiculous.
You had to walk up like
two flights of like,
you know,
10 12 stairs and then it was just,
it's like you're going out the beginning part of the statue of Liberty before it
becomes that spiral staircase and it was like a fucking nine floor walk up and
you got like fucking six levels up in literally your thighs are burning,
you know,
and we started joking,
this right here is why you don't see any white running backs at the pro level
anymore.
We used to just waltz right in to the fucking theater,
but they're fucking doughy white legs and we'd sit down at the lower level.
Meanwhile,
the black dudes had a fucking walk up like 200 fucking stairs and they had the
lean forward,
you know,
to try to watch the show that strengthens the back muscles.
It's a fucking workout just to watch some jackass go up there and go,
Mami,
how I love you,
Mami.
You know,
that's my fucking theory.
Either that or we just suck.
You know?
It's funny,
we actually went to a gave Friday night.
Me and [inaudible] we had do we bet?
We bet the fucking,
uh,
New Orleans who vet New Orleans was Sean Paul and was sitting there watching it.
Right.
And,
uh,
the fucking,
the game keep every time we,
we're going to be winning,
I bet Portland comes back,
right.
And then all of a sudden a New Orleans,
I'm sorry,
I'm fucking this story up because I keep thinking it's the Charlotte Hornets,
the New Orleans Hornets,
New Orleans comes flying down the court on this fast break and they dump it off
to this white dude.
And of course he misses the fucking layup.
And I swear to God,
me and Versie both looked at each other and in unison went fucking white guy,
you know,
and then we just started laughing.
But it's true.
It's like get them off the court,
you know,
give them a ref shirt.
Other than that,
get them the fuck out of there.
I got money on this fucking game
to knowing,
man.
It's fucking embarrassing.
I Dunno.
I Dunno what happened to us.
Um,
but I think some of the,
some of it has to do with that flight of stairs that I saw up there at the Moore
theater.
That's offensive.
I'll go fuck yourself.
They have a merry Christmas.
Anyways,
I um,
I got to tell you that showed that I did at the,
uh,
the Moore theater there in a Seattle was a probably the best crowd that was like
the best crowd I've had since my standup special.
And I've had some great ones,
but I'm telling you,
man,
that it was,
I just want,
it was one of those shows where I just walked out and the first word,
I felt like it.
Uh,
it clicked Nia,
you look gorgeous.
You look gorgeous.
All right.
Go get them.
Knock 'em dead.
Break a leg,
kick their ass.
Look them right in the eye.
Tell him to go fuck themselves,
but with your eyes,
you know,
read those sides.
You get my right and you'd get my left.
I'm going to keep talking to you too.
You leave.
I'm in the middle of telling a story here.
Let me pick out the right earrings.
They're earrings that go with this outfit.
There's the jewelry box.
Where's the bracelet?
Oh my God.
Does anything take longer than your fucking girl to pick out a shit and get out
of the Goddamn Room?
That's all.
I'm trying to get you to yell at me.
Nia,
to add to the comedy.
Yeah,
I know.
But you know how I am.
You know I'm going to add you to it.
What am I supposed to act like?
You're not in the room.
That's fucking weird.
Like you're a guest.
Like I'm actually doing this in a radio show.
Yeah,
she's going all right.
Anyways.
Um,
the fuck was I talking about?
Yeah,
it was one of these shows like I went out there and I was ridiculously excited.
You know,
cause I'm a music geek.
You combine the fact that I'm a music Geek and then I'm a history buff.
He combined the whole thing.
It's a 100 year old theater downstairs.
It's all fucking cramped.
They these little doorways,
you know,
cause back in the day we weren't all hopped up on these fucking whatever the
fucking horse tranquilizers they put into the chicken nowadays.
So now we're all like at least five,
11 for some fucking reason.
You know,
they're those little douche bags with the powdered wigs hundred years ago.
Right.
And actually is people stop wearing posted wigs.
Go Fuck Yourself.
I know.
I'm just saying you ever seen those old pictures,
those little runts sitting there making the fucking,
uh,
the railroads are standing there with their evil fucking white guy.
Racist Mustache is the,
uh,
the Chinese guys built it,
right.
At least they built it from San Francisco.
All right.
People,
I'm a history buff.
I didn't say I know the history.
I just thought I just sort of walked by it every once in awhile.
I read a couple of plaques in the museum.
I'm that guy.
Then I deliberately try to shoehorn the information.
I just read it and at a,
at a museum into whatever conversation is going on at a party,
you know,
that was kitten who I'm a fucking moron anyway,
so let's plow ahead here.
So,
um,
I was really excited to do the show and I walked out there and it was just just
from,
I don't know,
some shows you just go out there and from the first word you just lock in with
the crowd.
And uh,
that's what happened.
And they were,
yeah,
they were just,
they were just a great crowd.
Totally went along for the ride.
For some reason they didn't turn the fucking heat on in the building.
Um,
and I think that's what happened.
I just started making fun of how fucking cold it was.
And then at that just sort of opened my brain up and a,
and I went off and I had a great time and I want to thank everybody up in
Seattle who came out to,
uh,
came out to the show.
So that was my weekend.
Oh,
wait a minute.
Then I went to the Seahawks game on Sunday and,
uh,
the fuck did I go to and I'm fucking wiped out.
I came out.
What the Hell I did when did the Seahawks game with [inaudible].
That's right.
We will walk into the stadium going,
should we bet the fucking Seahawks or we see should we bet the chiefs in both
those teams have fucked me over the whole God damn year and a,
we bet the fucking Seahawks.
You know,
I was just sick of going to games and rooting against the home team,
so I actually bet with my heart,
like a fucking asshole.
And the second I showed up and I saw Pete Carroll and his entire coaching staff
in those fucking khaki dockers,
I don't know why they're wearing those things.
You know,
like they're going to go play the fucking Ryder Cup.
This is football.
And it was a,
the game started off awesome.
First of all,
it's the loudest fucking Stadium Professional Football Stadium I've ever been
to.
And I think it's louder than even when I went to a Michigan,
the big house,
as far as I can remember,
I'd have to go to a Michigan game again.
It was louder than Ohio state.
I think it was the loudest fucking football game I'd ever been to.
It was,
it was unbelievable.
I know you guys think I'm exaggerating,
but I'm not bullshitting.
First of all,
they started off and every fucking week they have some guy come out there and
they got this big thing out there.
The 12th man,
which is the crowd,
a phone for non sports fans is 11 guys.
In any given time when you play in the game live guys on defense level,
guys on offense,
that type of shit.
So the 12th guy's the fucking fan.
Little bit of pandering,
but you know these fans earn it.
So to start the game they have some fucking,
they just find some dude that's gonna fucking ramp the crowd up to come out and
raise the 12 12th man flag.
Like we're going to Goddamn or like he already conquered some shit.
All right?
Never Denley earlier this year on some sort of veteran's day,
they brought out some old guy who stormed the beaches of Normandy,
came out yet is purple hearts and all that and the poor bastard.
It took him like 20 minutes to raise the flag because he was so old.
But it just,
the fact that the fucking guy storm normally the place and a place almost
collapsed.
People were flipping out.
So the week we went,
they brought the guy,
I can't remember his name,
that actor who was in top gun viper,
I believe his name was to do two flew with Maverick's dad deck guy came out
there.
So they're playing the top gun music and all that.
And it should have been cheesy,
but it was,
it was kind of cheesy.
It was fucking hilarious and a,
that's a guilty pleasure.
Everybody loves that movie.
So the place is just going fucking nuts.
And I'm feeling like,
uh,
I'm feeling like we're going to win our bet.
And then Kansas City gets the ball and immediately first play from scrimmage,
castle rolls out and just fucking throws one 12 yards first down.
Right.
And all of a sudden I hear this voice behind me and I,
it,
I just say,
this guy,
just go on the fucking sea hawks quarterback suck.
Right?
And I turn around and it's this big fat Kansas City chiefs fan.
And he was so fat.
You could just tell he knew about football and this son of a bitch was right
because they got burned the entire fucking gay.
I don't want to talk about the rest of it.
So we ended up losing the money we want on the fucking Portland game.
We ended up giving it back,
but,
uh,
I don't know,
it was still an awesome time.
We ended up meeting some people from the show and they had these seats right
down on the end zone.
So we fucking went all the way down for the second half.
You're actually basically sitting on the field and uh,
you know what sucked was Seattle actually scored a touchdown.
They threw a bomb is 50 yard bomb for a touchdown.
And I was in this suite taking a piss.
And when I come walking out,
as I'm walking out trying to see past all these people stuffing their faces with
Nachos,
I just see these male cheerleaders running around with those Seahawk flags,
you know,
out on the field and the crowd's going nuts.
And I was like,
you gotta be shitting me.
So,
other than that,
it was a great fucking time.
So we had an awesome time up there in Seattle and went down to the,
uh,
the fish market,
their guts,
some,
it was just,
it was awesome.
It was,
it was just,
it was fucking phenomenal.
50.
If it just could have been a little sunny,
it would have been the best weekend I had all goddamn year other than other than
the,
the depressing gray skies and yours.
Funny.
He's everything.
I was joking on stage.
Everything in Seattle is made,
I swear to God from the same bag of concrete,
see exact same consistency.
It's the exact same fucking color.
And on those overcast days,
it just,
the horizon just blends in with that concrete and it's,
I can really see why people fucking blow their brains out up there.
You know,
if you're not careful,
if you're not fucking careful,
you can end up like that fellow there,
that fellow from that,
from that,
that place who did that stuff.
Remember that guy?
Um,
you know what I notice about poverty the last week I was giving him shit and I
can't give him shit this week cause I went one and three.
I officially do not know shit about football when it comes to fucking gambling.
And evidently,
uh,
I don't know shit about football without gambling because I said the Steelers,
we're going to be the team to beat fucking assholes.
You can't cover against the God damn bills.
What the fuck is wrong with that team?
They got the defense.
They got Ben Roethlisberger is back.
Is it because he can't rape anybody anymore?
It's fucking thrown off his game.
I don't know what's going on,
but they got all,
maybe they've got some injuries.
That's another thing why I suck at gambling is cause I don't,
I can't watch ESPN because they just hype shit through the fucking roof.
Like that Monday night football game,
Michael Vick,
remember that thought there was over,
just give them the Superbowl.
True.
Michael Vick,
Michael Vick.
What we're seeing tonight with Michael Vick.
There was fucking over,
they weren't even addressing the fact that he was doing it against the hapless
Washington.
Fucking Redskins
didn't even mention that.
And then what happens the next week they played the giants.
Giants beat him,
I believe contained Vic this week.
I still got their fucking voices in my head.
Michael Vick,
he fucking Michael Vick,
right?
So what do I do?
I fucking put money on the Goddamn Eagles in the fucking bears.
Kicked the shit out of them.
So once again,
and I even said on this pod podcast when somebody tried to say that Michael Vick
was the best quarterback in the fucking league because he kicked the shit out of
the Redskins one fucking week.
And it's the exactly the reason why I keep trying to tell people that Peyton
manning isn't as great as people are saying,
ah,
I give up,
but you know something.
I've actually,
I,
I give up with that argument.
I officially fucking give up because this guy after my show in Seattle,
just started the argument with me and then followed up and sent me an email.
And one of the points he wanted to make as to the reason why Tom Brady was an
quarterback was because of his knee injury.
He said something that if Tom Brady knew how to scramble and didn't suck so bad,
he wouldn't have injured his fucking knee.
Now that's a funny fucking line,
but this guy was actually serious.
So at this point it's just like whatever,
people like who they like.
So go ahead like who you like,
I don't give a fuck.
Anyways.
Um,
I finally got bored with that whole fucking thing and also I got,
um,
I just,
I just don't believe in the Patriots.
I just can't get behind that fucking defense.
Belichick's a fucking genius can make the,
make the adjustments,
but we're not going to go anywhere with that given up 24 to 30 points every
fucking week.
Did you see Fatboy slim there?
Uh,
uh,
what's his face?
Rex Ryan
trying the,
the age old world against us fucking speech.
You know,
trying to paint his team as the underdog.
Do you think his team's dumb enough to fucking believe it?
I do.
It'll allow people out that their dad,
Belichick and the Patriots and best team and the leg well lab,
that one of those guy and he gives his stupid fat John Wayne Smile.
Ah,
Jesus fucking Christ cookie dough wheat and fucking patent looking jackass.
I'm so fucking sick of them.
It's how to fuck you guys kicked the shit out of us.
Wow.
Well where the fuck you getting off of this fucking underdog talk your fucking
Pansy.
What are you already hedging your bet?
You afraid you're going to fucking lose you faggot.
Oh,
there's no game in the world that I want to win more than this Monday night
coming up next week.
The patriots verse the jets.
I want,
I,
I can't remember the last time.
This is worse than Celtics Lakers.
And you know what the sad thing is is we're not going to fucking win cause at
defense sucks fucking assholes.
24 to 30 points a game.
There's no fucking way you can.
You can give that up.
The jets have to good at defense those mother fuckers and now the Steelers
aren't stepping on maybe the ravens.
Maybe the ravens will save,
but that's all I need.
That's all I need.
I don't give a fuck.
As long as somebody beats the jets in the playoffs,
I am going to be excited if that fucking half ass bullshit fucking team wins the
super bowl,
that fucking team that wins by the skin of that goddamn teeth hasn't fucking
dominate in anybody but my shit ass fucking defensive team,
it's going to kill me.
It's absolutely going to fucking kill me.
I'm gonna.
I don't know what I'm going to do.
I'm going to have,
I would say I cancel the podcast for two weeks,
but that would be the bitch move after I talked to all this shit's so I'm going
to have to come in and take my shit if it happens,
but luckily I don't think it's going to happen,
but I gotta admit I got no fucking faith.
I've got no faith.
The fuck you let the Lions score 24 points on you
got trampled by the browns were fucking horrific on defense.
What good for the first two doubts.
What grade of what great with that.
Then third down,
I think that our defense is just having so much fun being out there that they're
like,
Eh,
let's just let up 12 yards on a run.
Let's do it on a run.
They'll eat up some of the clock.
That'll be fucking awesome.
Um,
who else?
Fuck me.
Last week I Aaliyah icon blaming everybody but myself for my,
uh,
for my awful Pyxis week.
Actually bet on Peyton manning.
You know,
all you douchebags telling me such a great fucking quarterback with his three
picks.
You know what,
why?
Why wouldn't I realize at this point after the chargers have essentially what
are they beaten the colts at home?
Like what nine times in a fucking row?
Couple of times in the playoffs.
Look at Peyton manning now.
Now that he has no fucking tools.
Now look at him.
Look how average he looks and just fucking pissing people off our name.
Let's get off this fucking subject.
So that's my prediction.
Next.
I actually,
I think next week I think it's all going to be a tight fucking game,
but I just can't see us.
Uh,
it wouldn't surprise me because I can't believe we beat the Steelers,
but I just,
I can't get behind a fucking team that lets up all those goddamn points.
That fucking old lady we did.
Our defense should be dressed like matadors
with big red capes.
Just letting receivers and running backs go down the field.
All Aa.
Um,
all right.
I think that's about enough to see.
That wasn't that bad.
I'm trying to tone down the fucking NFL Shit I get.
I'm getting really,
I'm never doing this again because I realized there's no fucking way I can talk
for 17 weeks about anything.
I am absolutely bored shitless with the sports talk with that specific shit.
I can't fucking do it anymore.
But now I have to hang in there cause I've talked so much goddamn shit.
So maybe that'll be the inch.
Maybe that'll be the entertaining part of this podcast.
Listening to me talk about something I don't give 'em slowly not giving a fuck
about anymore.
Um,
all right.
Oh,
I know what I want to tell.
I wanted to make fun of Paul Versey.
Do you guys remember that?
Fucking,
uh,
you remember good fellas.
Me that little movie,
Goodfellas,
it was as a little art house movie that kind of came and went the theaters
really quickly.
What was the name of that character in the beginning?
One of the,
uh,
Jimmy two times or whatever.
Get the papers,
get the papers.
Remember that Paul Versey is fucking,
uh,
poly three times.
It's not that he says shit twice or three times.
It's like I don't,
I don't know if he thinks that you can't hear him or f if he starts to make a
point and he realizes that the wall that he wanted to jump over with his point
is like six feet higher than he thought.
So he's got to run back another 10 paces.
I'd never met a guy who starts and then stops and restarts his fucking more
times than this guy fucking at the game the other day.
Right?
I can't remember what we were just talking about something and this,
this is him
trying to make this point.
He goes,
goes,
you know people talk shit now.
He goes,
no.
you know,
he goes,
people talk,
people talk shit,
dude.
People Talk Shit when they think they know what's going on
the all fucking weekend.
It driving me now it's like watching,
it was like the verbal equivalent.
You know when you watch those reality shows,
you know,
and they're about ready to waste some fat fucking than they do the scale and
you're like,
oh fuck,
what's going to happen?
And then they go to commercial and then when they come back from commercial,
they go right back to the fat fuck getting on the scale.
It's just like,
just wait a fucker.
Just weigh them.
That's what verse he does.
Robinson Cano,
Dude Robinson Cano was four for four last night.
He does,
he,
he fucking,
he bangs against the door once just to see if,
if it's solid or it's particle board and then he figures out how far back he has
to run.
Don't you heard it here first?
All right.
The New York giants,
dude,
the New York giants are going to fucking run the table hurting here first.
Paul,
I heard it the first nine times you said it.
I swear to God it's,
it's,
it's like he's got some sort of like a,
it's not a a speech impediment.
It's like a brain impediment.
He said he starts to make a point and uh,
then there's like a heckler in his head.
Just go,
no Paul Unit.
You're not saying it with enough confidence.
Like there's a director going cut.
Cut.
All right,
Paul.
No,
no,
no.
We love what you're doing here.
But if you could just come with a little more emotion this time,
a little more fucking emotion.
Um,
all right.
[inaudible] there'll be about enough of that shit.
I'm really,
this is,
this is what travel does to me.
This time of fucking year.
I fly through a fucking point and then I slam into a brick wall and then I'm
done with it.
All right.
I'm done with fucking sports,
you know?
And then some of you on this podcast,
I'm fucking done with you.
You know who you are.
Um,
let's get to youtube videos for the week,
ladies and gentlemen.
Um,
and they,
they,
they've actually at this point,
uh,
kind of broken off into two because we have the clips from the bad movies,
the great bad movies.
And I'm telling you some of the shit you guys are sending me is unbelievable.
Um,
and all these videos will be up on the [inaudible] podcast.com.
She's so check this one out.
You got to see this one.
Um,
this is actually something that I brought up.
This is not a bad movie.
This is actually an incredible movie.
It's the original Manchurian candidate.
But I had mentioned a long time ago that there's a fight scene in there,
Frank Sinatra versus Asian dude.
And um,
according to Frank Sinatra,
it's the first karate film,
the first Kung Fu film ever done in American cinema.
And you have to see how fuck image,
especially now,
I mean,
I don't know how to fucking fight,
but I've watched enough UFC and you look at the stance,
the stance is that some of the stances they get in about three quarters into the
fight are just as ridiculous as that karate kid.
Um,
fear the sparrow or whatever the fuck that,
the name of that stance,
that bird [inaudible] that he would do.
Um,
anyways,
I got it's Manchurian candidate 1962 fight.
You can look it up if you want to,
but we have all these videos listed nice and neatly along with some pictures
from my trip to Seattle if you'd like to see where we sat at the game.
Me and Mr Versie took a picture of the nice fluffy fish and chips.
I got fucking unbelievable seafood.
That's a great place to take your,
your,
your girlfriend or your wife.
I fucked up.
I should have brought my girl,
you know,
but you know,
I was going to a couple of sporting events and she doesn't like sports,
you know,
when you date a girl doesn't like sports should taken to a sporting event and
all they talk about has how pretty the grass looks.
And then by like the second inning,
they're just bored shitless.
Uh,
that's my experience when I take Nia places.
So,
uh,
you know,
I don't know.
I don't fucking know who's kidding,
who I fucked up.
Anyways,
let's plow,
hit um,
the second,
um,
great bad movie.
Here we go.
Uh,
I drink your blood.
1970 trailer.
This is the fact that they made this fucking movies.
It's just,
it's unbelievable.
But when you think back to it how there was no internet and uh,
just how early on they were into like those slash or kind of movies when you
actually watch this trailer,
like this is the kind of,
it's like very like you're really going after this serial killer sort of
demographic lay a bet like Ted Bundy in those fucking maniacs went to go see
this stuff back when it was shocking.
Now it's hilarious,
but it's really,
uh,
it's just really bizarre,
really fucking bizarre.
Um,
all right,
and here's the,
a regular youtube videos for the week.
Um,
this one was actually already shown on a Taj point.
Oh,
but this one is so funny.
I don't like to show videos that have already been shown on that show,
but just in case you missed the episode,
this is fucking hilarious.
I remember that I talked about last week,
man versus booze.
If you did that,
this dude tries to chug a bottle of patron,
which um,
by the way,
guys is really fucking dangerous.
All right?
If you actually did it successfully,
you would die.
Which is why this guy projectile vomits.
That's your body basically saying,
let's get this shit the fuck outta here so we don't die.
Um,
the name of the video,
do you want to search?
Uh,
Joe Breezy patroned challenge and uh,
this guy's fucking hilarious.
The shit talk and he does front of it is,
is almost as funny as when he pukes is,
you know,
this guy's a fucking riot.
He's like mocking the shit talk.
I think that you see on a lot of these uh,
videos or that you see on reality TV.
It's hilarious.
Um,
another one you guys see a lot of Christmas lights on.
You're on the houses as you're driving around a check out.
This one heavy metal Christmas light show.
That one was actually on live,
leak.com heavy metal Christmas light show and a.
Then there's another video here.
This one is awesome as far as like,
it's really interesting if anybody's into animals and you can explain this one.
It's crows verse,
Cat [inaudible] Cat Street fight.
And this person put this unbill almost like they custom made this music for this
fight.
It's fucking incredible.
These two cats.
I'm not,
I'm not going to ruin it for you.
You just,
you just got to see it.
It's fucking incredible.
Um,
another video,
I love this one.
It's called a censored 8,000,
800 pennies.
Um,
and it basically,
this dude,
it looks like a college aged kid.
He got his car towed and he had to walk 15,
20 miles to get home.
The next day called up,
he found out where his car was and they wanted $88 to get it out.
So he said,
fuck it.
I got $88,
and he showed up with 8,000,
800 pennies.
Uh,
most of them unrolled and he brought it in and he's like,
it's legal tender.
You have to take it.
And ladies like,
I'm not going to take this,
I'm not taking this.
And he's like,
you got to take it's legal tender.
She's like,
I'm not taking it.
And he goes,
fine.
I'm calling the cops,
which he did and you got to see it.
It's fucking awesome.
I don't want to ruin it,
but it's awesome.
Uh,
is another good one.
A speeding ticket fail.
Just a quick one for you.
People who don't like to watch 10 minute videos and uh,
this is another great one too.
There's some really funny fucking filmmakers and actors and shit just fucking
around.
Just regular people are on Youtube,
man.
These dudes are really funny,
especially the guy who fucking punches the pig.
And this one,
uh,
this is called Turbo Bacon epic Thanksgiving epic meal time.
Uh,
you know,
I think I'd like to,
every year they come up with a new fattening way to cook a Turkey.
These guys just take it to the fucking nth degree.
They make like a 7,900 calorie,
uh,
Turkey man.
It's fucking insane.
And uh,
just watch the part where he's tenderizing the pig.
That's my favorite fucking part really made me laugh out loud.
Um,
and let's get to the overrated,
underrated for this week.
Did I not get an advice one?
Why didn't I s God dammit,
that's usually a nice fucking time filler.
Somebody asked me some fucking advice.
Um,
oh,
by the way,
speaking of advice,
uh,
did not booze,
still have not boost.
I am 44 days in 44 is a very famous number in professional sports.
Right.
You all know who I'm talking about.
Who's the famous number?
and all of a professional sports.
Think about it.
That's right.
You got it.
Robert Newhouse,
the old fullback used to block for Tony Doors set.
You're absolutely right though.
It's fucking Reggie Jackson was,
was was Hank Aaron 44 I don't fucking know.
You know what people really dropped the ball on was the obscure sports facts.
I thought that people are going to work really good to keep that one going.
I thought it had a new segment and it,
it just died a quick death.
You know,
like one of those critically acclaimed shows.
Critics love it.
Eight other people are watching it and then it just fucking gets canceled
because no one else gives a shit.
And then what happens,
right.
Comes out on DVD and then everybody loves it.
Why they ever cancel this?
All right.
Overrated.
Underrated for the week.
No,
I'm not done talking about booze.
I'm 44 fucking days in.
All right.
Uh,
all I got as I got San Francisco this week,
just as far as tentation goes.
I got San Francisco this week.
I'm playing COBB's comedy club for the first time.
I've always been a punchline guy.
Now I'm going across town playing cobb's comedy club this Thursday,
Friday,
Saturday,
and Sunday.
Um,
and I'm also doing a book signing in a,
I've got to get the interview.
I've got to get you guys not a book signing.
I don't have a book.
I'm doing a DVD signing.
It's for,
uh,
to support,
research for AIDS and Amanda.
Oh,
Jesus Christ.
What the fuck are,
you know,
they'll tell you how dumb I am.
I didn't know the name of the bookstore.
I keep thinking Brookstone begins with a B.
What's that bookstore everybody goes to see.
Only one left,
isn't it?
Wow.
I just went fucking blank.
Um,
yeah,
I'm going to be at one of those borders,
borders,
bookstore.
I want to be up there.
Uh,
doing a book's a book,
signing a DVD signing on Wednesday night before I do my gig.
And I absolutely love San Francisco.
And,
uh,
if you guys know any cool places to eat,
cause I'm not drinking,
I'm really enjoying this.
I went to a,
I think it was called the steel diner in um,
in Seattle,
me and version,
we got like the best fucking fish,
most of the freshest seafood.
You've,
you've ever fucking had those,
those goddamn deadliest catch guys show up.
You can buy shit right off the goddamn boats if you want to.
It's unbelievable.
Uh,
best fish and chips I've had,
uh,
I'm eating them like Jesus,
this is like light as air then,
you know,
cause it's deep fried and shit.
Afterwards I felt like had a boot in my stomach,
but it was absolutely delicious.
So anyways,
I'm not boozing if you guys know of any,
uh,
any,
any cool restaurants,
if that man versus food guy went there and I don't want to eat the fucking
challenge thing,
but if he went there,
like that Burger,
I was trying to remember the name of Juicy Lucy,
the one in Minneapolis.
I missed out on that.
So if this,
if there's something,
whatever people in San Francisco,
late night,
you're drunk or are you going just,
or you just went there as a kid and you had to get this sandwich or this pizza,
whatever,
please let me know where it is because,
uh,
I need some,
a productive shit to be doing rather than sitting around thinking about booze
and cause I gotta admit that weather up there in Seattle,
you know,
it makes you want to eat comfort food and then just go out and drink whatever
local beer that they have a fuck.
That's what I really miss about booze and you know,
I'll tell you a great time to go to Cleveland,
Ohio,
Cleveland,
this time of year,
right when you get into December,
go out there and go to a browns game.
They got a great team and they got this fucking Christmas all out there.
That is the shit.
And it's an extra couple of,
uh,
I think they could have one in,
in Pittsburgh to this.
A really knocked me back on the wagon.
Why don't you guys send me lists if you guys in those colder cities,
just because that seems to be where they only put those,
those beers out,
those seasonal beers that come out,
man,
a fucking unbelievable.
Um,
Jesus Christ.
Am I going to be able to make it to the Rose Bowl?
I'm actually contemplating not drinking at the Rose Bowl and this year rather
than,
than going with up with one other drunk buddy.
I'm going with two other three other,
I got a crew of four and uh,
I don't know.
For some reason I want to see if I can go 100 days.
I know I can,
but I got to admit,
man,
I was in Seattle was fucking really difficult,
really difficult.
But every day,
every day you wake up when you didn't drink,
the night before you wake up,
you feel good.
You know,
you work out,
you go down,
you get yourself a juice.
You sit there stone sober.
Don't have any good stories to tell because you didn't fucking do anything the
night before.
And you sit there bored shitless with the,
but you have the exact same brain cells you had the night before.
People,
I think the level of brain cells you have left is it is exactly equal to the
amount of fun that you had in life.
It's a theory I just came up with.
You know,
if you have half your brain cells left,
you enjoyed half of your life.
A fucking makes no sense.
But you know what I mean.
All right,
let's stop talking about booze.
Cause I swear to God,
I still have one of those Murphy's stout in the fucking roof.
I keep leaving in there.
I can't get myself to dump it down the sink because it's such a good beer,
you know?
And I keep thinking that some friend out here that I don't really have is going
to come swinging by.
Would you like a bear?
I'm going to pour it to him.
Hands.
Fucking trembling.
Like a Goddamn crack addict.
Um,
anyways,
overrated.
Underrated for the week here.
Um,
all right.
Overrated laptops.
Uh,
the batteries fucked after a month.
So when you move to scratch your ass,
you'd delete half of your work.
Isn't that the fucking truth?
Um,
underrated.
Throwing snowballs on cars are at cars.
No easier way to get your ass kicked.
Wow.
Now there's something to do if you're not drinking and you still want an
adrenaline,
adrenaline rush,
you know,
you remember that as a kid when he threw a snowball at a car and you got him
real good and the guy slammed on his brakes and fucking pulled over that fucking
adrenaline rush as you turned around and your snow suit and your big stupid
boots trying to run in like a foot of snow that actually comes up to mid thigh
because you're so small.
Oh Man,
that was fun.
That was a good fucking time back in the day.
That's another reason why people always think it snowed more when you were a kid
is because you were a fucking midget walking around in the snow though.
When I was a kid,
we used to have snow storms,
eh,
would come up to your waist,
you know?
Yeah.
Dude,
you are for you five fucking years old.
Remember that Shit,
you're knocked out your front teeth on your dad's shoes.
You will little you dumb.
Fuck.
Um,
all right.
Overrated coffee houses.
This guy says,
I can't stand these places.
People show up in their scarves and laptops,
ex,
uh,
that are exclusively apple.
May I add and park themselves in a booth for three hours.
You go in and get a coffee.
You have to stumble,
stumble through some college kids project than stand in the longest line known
demand.
All the while listening,
some mellow hippie with a beard playing his acoustic guitar.
Is it just me or do these places stink?
Um,
I think they do stink.
You know,
I just heard some laughter downstairs.
I wonder if they're actually listening to the podcast or they're laughing at how
unfunny the shit is.
Um,
and then I have one here,
underrated Seahawks fans.
I got a whole new fucking respect for those people to share on that God awful
fucking performance.
They hung in there right to the fucking end and a lot of them were pissed at the
end of the game when with like a minute left,
they just took a knee,
you know,
for the last two or three fucking plays.
Even though you're down by 20 points,
can you go down swinging?
I'll tell you that's that Pete Carroll ball standing up there in his fucking
Docker's.
Huh?
That fucking that.
You know what he's like?
He's like in the coach's witness protection program.
It's kind of like what he did.
It's like the shit hit the fan.
He's Henry Hill,
he's the Henry Hill.
I'm like Paul Versey.
He's Henry Hill.
He's dude,
he's the Henry Hale a fucking coaches look at is contagious now.
He really is though.
He got all the glory at USC and then the second the show,
he told Sanchez,
he left too early and made all this big fucking speech and then the second the
shit went down and people start talking about Reggie Bush and all this other
bullshit.
He just fucking skips town.
Has he even commented on it or did he pull that bullshit where they just look,
I'm here to coach the Seattle Seahawks.
If you have some Seattle Seahawks questions,
I'll be happy to answer those.
Anything else?
I'm not answering
that is all in the past.
But glob of Boba Ball.
Did he do that bull shit,
son of a bitch.
Oh Big [inaudible] fucking flames out and this has nothing to do with Seahawks
fans.
I hope he flames out in Seattle and then he goes back with his tail between his
legs.
Right.
It goes back to the college coaching level.
He'll probably get a coaching job in the SCC.
Right?
And we all know that the SEC has the best fucking teams.
It's got the bets coaching and it's got the best players and I don't think that
he can fucking stand up to the fucking sec conference.
He was out there in the PAC 10 a bunch of Goddamn pansies out there other than
Jim Harbaugh bar over the fuck you say his name.
Captain come back there.
That fucking guy can coach.
There is a guy who should go to the pros.
Pete Carroll,
when you make a good play,
he goes,
Woo.
Do you ever seen that?
Like fucking ric flair.
But it's not funny.
I remember that.
I haven't,
does he still do that shit?
I remember that back when he used to coach the Patriots,
they'd score a touchdown.
They cut to him on the sideline,
you know,
all the fat fuck defensive coordinators are like,
ah,
like they just murdered somebody got that look,
a rage on their face at the play work and Pete would be in the middle with his
hand straight up in the air and just go on.
Yeah.
Woo.
And I was just like,
this guy's up pussy.
Yeah.
Then he went to the,
you went to the fucking,
uh,
Trojans and I was like,
all right,
maybe I was wrong.
Maybe I was wrong about this guy.
Turns out I was right.
Go back down to the college level with your fucking dockers.
You fucking Richie Cunningham
coming out there,
you know,
dress like you're going to host an am radio show.
That's it.
That's how you fucking leave.
Yeah.
Team to battle.
I can understand if you're a fat fuck like Rex Ryan,
he had to wear those soccer moms stretchy pants.
I don't understand that shit.
In a second.
Sheeran's shape.
Pete Carroll.
What the fuck are you know something?
I,
you know what kind of pants coaches were,
but I know they're not those.
What are you going to a fucking sock hop?
Oh my God.
You know,
to have money on that fucking guy.
If they show me the pants that they're coaching staff was going to fucking where
I would have put money on the chiefs who fucked me when they played the bills.
I was kidding.
Who?
I don't know how to gamble.
Thank God Paul Versey doesn't either.
I'm actually still two games ahead of him.
I'm only saying that because I know he's listening to this shit at this point.
Um,
all right,
Paul Versey by the way.
Absolutely fucking destroyed growing by leaps and bounds.
You know,
he's jumped out of the little stand up nest.
He's flapping his wings.
He didn't hit the ground.
I think this one's going to make it,
you know,
you know comedians are,
when we start off,
you ever see those things when like a,
the little turtles hatch,
you ever see them on the discovery channel and then you,
they start fucking going down the beach,
those cute little turtles,
those fucking birds come in and swoop up like 90% of them and only 2% make it
out to the water.
Right.
Okay.
That's where [inaudible] is right now.
He's not in the water.
He's not on the beach.
It's getting a little wet
and you want the birds are,
those are the broads in your life that don't support yet.
Yeah.
Just fucking scoop you up in your fucking dreams and they fly away with you.
Hate your fucking soul.
Bill,
do you have anything positive to say about women?
Um,
yes.
Yes I do.
I sat next to a pretty lady on the plane yesterday,
know just a beautiful girl.
Cleavage half a titty.
Okay.
But a nice steady,
you know what I mean?
Not Obnoxious,
Nice Healthy B Cup.
Just sitting there.
I just made you,
you know,
just something nice to look at during the turbulence.
Like,
you know,
it's not all bad.
Yeah.
Fact that this plane's probably going to crash it because it's a jet.
When the engine's cut out,
you can't even glide is tendencies actually to just turn over.
And I'm like,
should we be hanging from my fucking seatbelt?
You know,
with some fucking free peanuts stuck to my face.
If we're pulling four g's,
going back to mother earth,
you know,
if I have the neck muscles,
maybe I can glance over at that cleavage right before we fucking enter the
fucking ground.
Jesus Christ bill.
Um,
you know what I'm doing on my end?
I'm not even listening to what the fuck I'm saying.
Oh,
you know,
it was great.
Was uh,
we actually got hooked up with tickets.
What we were supposed to be hooked up with tickets to the Seattle game.
You know,
it's just one of those things.
You have to have a friend who just says,
Oh yeah,
dude,
I can fucking hook you up.
I got,
I got the tickets.
Don't you worry about it.
Right.
And then you show up and then not there and you just realized that the guys all
talk,
I'm just fucking,
I could just in case he's listening,
but just fucking around.
We had a good time,
buddy of ours hooked us up with tickets and uh,
they,
I guess they fucked up,
you know,
at the front office.
They're in Seattle.
You know what it was.
They were too busy laughing at Carroll.
Carolyn,
they're fucking Goddamn Chino's.
As they walked down the [inaudible] down the fucking hall that they actually
got,
they got us two tickets for next week.
Hey,
you know what?
I Dunno if I should do this,
but there's two tickets waiting under my name.
I bet you need an,
you'd need an ID.
There's two tickets waiting under my name for next week.
Seattle game.
Walk up to the,
we'll call.
Just be like,
yes.
Hello.
I'm William Barr and I would like my tickets.
Please.
Do you have an id you out of your fucking mind?
I'd been on premium blend.
Give me my fucking tickets.
Um,
if there's a bill burr who lives in Seattle,
go down there.
There's two tickets waiting for you.
This whole podcast is gone off the fucking Ralph 52 minutes in.
Technically I could pull the ripcord.
Hang on here.
I'm trying to find an advice.
One to try all the,
here we go,
girlfriend problems.
Let's click on this.
Uh,
Duh,
Duh Duh,
Duh.
I don't want to read that one.
Thought it was gonna be a nice long one.
Eat Up some time.
Bill.
My girlfriend's a coochie kind of smells like a the inside of my gym sneaker and
I was wondering how I,
how I bring that up.
Uh,
fuck.
Come on.
Advice.
I know there was one is an overrated,
underrated.
I already did that.
Ah,
Jesus.
All right people.
I'm going to be at COBB's comedy club next week.
I'm just going to end up fucking podcast.
Come on bill.
Why didn't you do your homework?
You know what is great.
This is my last road gig that I am doing
before my,
uh,
you fucking cunt.
You know what?
I can't,
I can't scroll and and talk at the same time.
Airbag prank,
old man.
Welcome to Seattle,
Seattle DVD order advice.
Let's look at the Seattle DVD order cause I thought I asked for three.
I have confirmed the tracking KT date,
the venue.
All right,
everything's good.
Okay.
You know what?
Fuck it.
That's the podcast for this week.
God bless all of you.
Thanks for listening.
I thought it had an advice one here.
Uh,
thank you for your contributions.
I hope you guys all had a really nice Thanksgiving and merry thanksgiving.
I hope you have a merry Christmas.
You're going to start your shopping.
That's something I could talk about.
I haven't started my shopping yet.
I met that weird age where,
uh,
you know,
I don't have any fucking kids so I don't have to do that.
All my friends are too fucking old.
What am I going to buy them?
You know,
we're at the Cologne in new shirt age.
Uh,
you know,
everyone in my family has their own fucking lives.
They have their own soul.
My overhead is really not that high.
All I gotta do is just buy something for my girl and I'm done and I'm done.
You know,
you don't actually,
I'm thinking of getting her is uh,
I was driving by Arby's the other night and I saw on underneath the sign that
they have these Christmas gift packs and a,
it's this booklet.
It's really cool because they have like everything,
like coupons for everything on their menu at a discount because a,
you know what,
if she doesn't want one of those awful roast beef sandwiches,
maybe she just wanted to go,
go in there and get the fucking,
the uh,
the onion rings,
you know?
Wouldn't that be awesome to do that just as a fuck you
to the,
to the pressure of,
of,
of getting something nice for the woman in your life.
It just,
one year you just went out and just bought her a gift like that.
How do you think your girl would read out why you can't go that you can't go
that low?
Because that's like insulting.
You can't get her a fucking coupon,
but you know,
it gets to the point like,
how much fucking money do I got to spend on you?
You know what if you bought it like a really nice bathrobe,
you know that's something she can wear every day when she gets out of the shower
really nice and comfy and you give it to her and she thinks like,
Ooh,
this is just one of the buildup gifts.
And it's like no,
that,
that is the gift.
That is the one,
there it is.
Merry Christmas.
You know that it will be a great thing just to,
you know best I know something.
That's a great idea.
If you actually got her something really nice,
do something like that.
Just act like this.
No other gifts and then just watch her stewing and,
and figuring out how to play it.
You know,
because she's mad at you.
All right cause you didn't get her something good enough but she has to play it
right because if she flips out too much she's going to look selfish,
you know,
because she,
cause she has to be honestly sitting there thinking like,
well wait a minute.
What if he really thought that this is enough?
You know,
how rude of it would it be for me to be giving you shit?
Oh,
wait a minute.
Wow.
I just had a flashback.
I just had a flash drive one time.
Oh my God.
One time.
One of my first girlfriends.
Right.
I grew up with all brothers.
I don't mean black people.
I mean that uh,
siblings and uh,
and I had a,
so I didn't know shit about women,
you know,
and a lot of you who are listening,
it's probably still think I don't.
So anyways,
my first girlfriend,
I went to buy her something for her birthday.
What the fuck did I get here?
I was on the road and it was no,
so I was on the road is already a comedian.
This wasn't my first Mike,
this is my second serious girlfriend.
I was like 25 years old,
24 25 and that was in the mall and I bought her this shirt.
Was there a birthday and I swear to God,
I think it was one of those,
you know,
those polo style shirts,
I bought her one of those and it was like striped.
I got a two of them and I wrapped him up and she was all excited.
She was just complete fucking psycho that I was dating.
As I told you before,
you know what the deal is when somebody is dating his psycho and you're sitting
there going,
why are they dating this fucking person?
You know why all psychos are good in bed.
At least everyone that I ever met,
not only they had good and bad,
they're fucking unbelievable in bed.
All right?
So I'm sitting there like I,
you know,
I dunno why I didn't I just ask a woman,
just get help me out here.
But I basically bought or what I would have bought my older brother.
So,
and this is the thing,
I hadn't had a girlfriend a couple of fucking years,
uh,
you know,
just one of periods while I was just focusing on becoming a comedian.
And I don't even think I was really even,
whoa.
I went to a fucking dry spell an 18th month fucking not hooking up nothing.
So this girl says,
psycho comes into my life.
So I buy are these two fucking izod looking shirts that you know,
a married father with three with three fucking kids would be pissed if he got
there and I gave it to this disco was fucking hot too,
right.
And I gave it to her and she's all excited and it professionally wrapped.
That's the one thing I did.
So she's thinking it's going to be something nice.
And she goes and she fucking unwraps this damn thing.
And uh,
she opened it up and she just like,
and I was standing up and I was so fucking nervous and she just goes like,
what?
She's like,
What,
what is this,
what you'd be bought me this,
this.
And she starts holding department.
She's like,
this is stupid.
She kind of like threw it down.
I came out with the fuck,
she said,
all I remember was by the end of it I was sitting and she was standing and she
was fucking like,
I was getting scolded like a child.
You're like your first girlfriend when your first relationship or whatever.
You just think of the dumb shit that you did.
It's like my second one,
but I'm such a moron.
I had to learn this shit over again.
I was just sitting there getting fucking scolded for like 10 minutes about this
awful fucking,
admittedly it was awful,
but what the fuck?
You know what kind of a fucking cunt would do that?
I don't have any data like fucking two months,
but she,
I sat there like this sad kid getting scolded and it was one of those things
where our w the only reason why I sat there was cause I was so embarrassed and I
didn't have a lot of experience with women and all I want to do,
I wanted to crawl out of there.
It felt like the way it felt the first time I bombed doing jokes,
that's how bad it felt.
And then as she got to the end of her 10 minute fucking tirade about how bad
this fucking gift was,
that's when I started getting my feet underneath me,
where finally the shame and the embarrassment had gone away because she just
gave me shit for so long that I was actually able to regroup.
And I was like,
wait a minute.
I don't even think I yelled at her.
I just remembered that switch in my head.
Just went,
you know what?
Fuck this person next.
And uh,
later on that night she actually called me up and apologize was just like,
yeah,
listen.
Um,
I,
I probably shouldn't have said that and an hour and I was totally passive
aggressive.
No,
no,
it's fine.
No,
it's cool.
You know,
you know,
back then when you don't know how to get out of a relationship,
I don't know.
It's too,
that's cool.
So you want to come see me tonight?
Ah,
actually I got to a,
I got to fix the toilet,
uh,
fucking clean off the stove.
My brother's coming to town and gave her like every fucking excuse and I uh,
yeah,
I basically in a coward way,
just sort of back my way out of this.
Is that all that happened?
Oh No,
wait.
I remember how I remember how I got out of it,
but I can't tell you cause it's fucking horrific and uh,
some stuff is just too personal and I'm gonna leave you at that and we leave you
fucking hanging.
Fuck you.
It's an hour and one minutes into this podcast,
right?
It was this one loud enough for you.
I hope it was.
Now people are gonna say it was too fucking loud.
So that's the podcast for this week.
Everybody.
I am a,
I am comfortable with my new hour.
It is official.
I got this fucking thing down and I'm going to go up to San Francisco and I am
going to rape whoever the fuck shows up with my goddamn comedy.
That's how it's going down.
I got show there Thursday,
Friday,
Saturday and Sunday.
Let me double check,
make sure it's not Friday,
Saturday,
Sunday.
I know it's Friday,
Saturday,
Sunday.
My also doing the Thursday.
Well,
let's see the second,
third,
fourth,
fifth.
That's four days.
Yeah,
Thursday through Sunday.
COBB's comedy club,
and I'm going to tell you right now,
for years the people of San Francisco are going to be talking about the shit
jokes that I'm going to be performing this weekend.
These are going to,
these are instant classic Shit Jokes and Dick Jokes that you need to come out
and see a,
there's not a lot of tickets left everybody.
I have no idea how many tickets I sold.
I'm just doing that late night TV bullshit that they do.
We only got five left,
so come on down.
Don't be a fucking pussy.
Come on down.
I'm doing that DVD signing at some borders.
Bookstore.
Come on down.
He wanted me to come down.
I'll fucking sign a DVD.
I'll sign your Teddy's.
I don't give a fuck.
I could give a shit.
Come on down.
I'll sign something.
I got pen.
I've got a pen.
Uh,
Anna,
fucking a and a sharpie.
Ready to go.
All right,
that's it.
That's the podcast for this week.
In two weeks.
I'm going to be at the Improv in Bray,
California.
So for all you people out here asking me when the fuck I'm going to be in Bray
California,
there you go.
December 16th,
17th 18th and 19th.
Then I'm all my Christmas break where I stare at my bulls.
Um,
and then,
um,
I'm doing the Borgata in Atlantic City and uh,
we,
we sold out that show in 30 hours.
Hopefully they're going to add a second show.
It'd be great if you guys called up and asked them to add a second show and then
they could,
but that show is a,
that's the Miami heat comedy show is home branding it.
It's Jim Norton,
Jim Breuer,
David,
tell and myself,
how the fuck do you not add a second show?
How do you as a comedy fan not call up the Borgata right now and be like,
dude,
what the fuck?
Add a second show or I'm coming down there and I'm taking my dick out and I'm
running through your fucking casino.
Uh,
all right,
that's it.
I've really overstayed my welcome.
That's the podcast for this week.
You guys have yourselves a great week.
Don't take any shit,
and let's it go.
Fuck yourself.
See
you next.
[inaudible].